README.md, before:

# Blockchain Commons QR Vault

**QR Vault** is a secure place to store your QR codes. There are no third party libraries used, it is a simple app that uses powerful encryption to keep your secrets safe. QR Vault can be added to your "share actions" so it can be used in any app that allows you to export images. In this way you can save your QR codes from other apps without even taking a screen shot.

Please join our testflight [here](https://testflight.apple.com/join/X7Ri4nPp). Pleae share any crash reports or bugs, if you want a feature added just ask.

## Additional Information

**QR Vault** never uploads your data and does not use a server at all. It utilizes the "Sign in with Apple" tool for 2FA (two-factor authentication) purposes to ensure only you can export and delete your QR codes.

**QR Vault** allows you to add QR's via images, scanning or via text.

It is a Mac Catalyst app and will work on your MacBook, iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch.

## Status - Late Alpha

**QR Vault** is currently under active development and in the late alpha testing phase. It should not be used for production tasks until it has had further testing and auditing.

## Origin, Authors, Copyright & Licenses

Unless otherwise noted (either in this [/README.md](./README.md) or in the file's header comments) the contents of this repository are Copyright © 2020 by Blockchain Commons, LLC, and are [licensed](./LICENSE) under the [spdx:BSD-2-Clause Plus Patent License](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause-Patent.html).

In most cases, the authors, copyright, and license for each file reside in header comments in the source code. When it does not we have attempted to attribute it accurately in the table below.

This table below also establishes provenance (repository of origin, permalink, and commit id) for files included from repositories that are outside of this repository. Contributors to these files are listed in the commit history for each repository, first with changes found in the commit history of this repo, then in changes in the commit history of their repo of their origin.

| File      | From                                                         | Commit                                                       | Authors & Copyright (c)                                | License                                                     |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
|  |  |  |  |                        |

### Dependencies

No dependencies required.

### Used with…

These are other projects that work with or leverage **QR Vault**:

- [FullyNoded 2](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/FullyNoded-2)

## Financial Support

**QR Vault** is a project by [Blockchain Commons](https://www.blockchaincommons.com/). We are proudly a social benefit "not-for-profit" committed to open source & open development. Our work is funded entirely by donations and collaborative partnerships with people like you. Every contribution will be spent on building open tools, technologies & techniques for blockchain and internet security infrastructure.

To financially support further development of **QR Vault** and other projects, please consider becoming a Patron of Blockchain Commons through ongoing monthly patronage by becoming a [Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/BlockchainCommons) through GitHub; currently they are matching the first $5k so please do consider this option. You can also offer support with Bitcoin via our [BTCPay Server](https://btcpay.blockchaincommons.com/).

## Contributing

We encourage public contributions through issues and pull-requests! Please review [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our development process. All contributions to this repository require a GPG signed [Contributor License Agreement](./CLA.md).

### Credits

The following people directly contributed to this repository. You can add your name here by getting involved — the first step is to learn how to contribute from our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation.

| Name              | Role                | Github                                            | Email                                 | GPG Fingerprint                                    |
| ----------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Christopher Allen | Principal Architect | [@ChristopherA](https://github.com/@ChristopherA) | \<ChristopherA@LifeWithAlacrity.com\> | FDFE 14A5 4ECB 30FC 5D22  74EF F8D3 6C91 3574 05ED |
| Peter Denton | Project Lead | [@Fonta1n3](https://github.com/@Fonta1n3) | \<fonta1n3@protonmail.com\> | 3B37 97FA 0AE8 4BE5 B440 6591 8564 01D7 121C 32FC |

## Responsible Disclosure

We want to keep all our software safe for everyone. If you have discovered a security vulnerability, we appreciate your help in disclosing it to us in a responsible manner. We are unfortunately not able to offer bug bounties at this time.

We do ask that you offer us good faith and use best efforts not to leak information or harm any user, their data, or our developer community. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to fix the issue before you publish it. Do not defraud our users or us in the process of discovery. We promise not to bring legal action against researchers who point out a problem provided they do their best to follow the these guidelines.

### Reporting a Vulnerability

Please report suspected security vulnerabilities in private via email to ChristopherA@LifeWithAlacrity.com (do not use this email for support). Please do NOT create publicly viewable issues for suspected security vulnerabilities.

The following keys may be used to communicate sensitive information to developers:

| Name              | Fingerprint                                        |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Christopher Allen | FDFE 14A5 4ECB 30FC 5D22  74EF F8D3 6C91 3574 05ED |

You can import a key by running the following command with that individual’s fingerprint: `gpg --recv-keys "<fingerprint>"` Ensure that you put quotes around fingerprints that contain spaces.

Commit message:

docs: update readme
cc @ChristopherA can easily change name back!

README.md, after:

# Blockchain Commons UR Vault

Powered by [Uniform Resource](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Research/blob/master/papers/bcr-2020-005-ur.md), **UR Vault** acts as a secure place to store and backup sensitive text. Ideal suited for airgapped transmission of PSBT's via [UR](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Research/blob/master/papers/bcr-2020-005-ur.md) QR codes, however will work with any text.

## Features
- Multiple layers of encryption
- Automated iCloud backup and recovery
- 2FA using the "Sign in with Apple" feature to ensure only you can decrypt your data
- Bitcoin centric! Convert plain text bip39 mnemonics, SSKR shards, PSBT's (more coming soon) into [UR](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Research/blob/master/papers/bcr-2020-005-ur.md) and stream them for airgapped use
- Recognizes any UR type
- An ideal app to recommend to friends and family to backup SSKR shards
- Converts any amount of text into an animated UR QR code
- Scan a QR or paste text to create new items
- Easily build the project on your MacBook, iPhone iPad, iTouch using the same small codebase

Please join our testflight [here](https://testflight.apple.com/join/X7Ri4nPp). Please share any crash reports or bugs, if you want a feature added just ask.

## Additional Information

Data is always stored with multiple layers of encryption using your device's keychain.

To ensure you can backup & recover from iCloud you **must** be signed in with the same Apple ID and must enable "Keychain" on your device's iCloud settings.

## Status - Late Alpha

**UR Vault** is currently under active development and in the late alpha testing phase. It should not be used for production tasks until it has had further testing and auditing.

## Origin, Authors, Copyright & Licenses

Unless otherwise noted (either in this [/README.md](./README.md) or in the file's header comments) the contents of this repository are Copyright © 2020 by Blockchain Commons, LLC, and are [licensed](./LICENSE) under the [spdx:BSD-2-Clause Plus Patent License](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause-Patent.html).

In most cases, the authors, copyright, and license for each file reside in header comments in the source code. When it does not we have attempted to attribute it accurately in the table below.

This table below also establishes provenance (repository of origin, permalink, and commit id) for files included from repositories that are outside of this repository. Contributors to these files are listed in the commit history for each repository, first with changes found in the commit history of this repo, then in changes in the commit history of their repo of their origin.

| File      | From                                                         | Commit                                                       | Authors & Copyright (c)                                | License                                                     |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
|  |  |  |  |                        |

### Dependencies

- [BCLibwallySwift](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/BCLibwallySwift)
- [URKit](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/URKit)
- [LifeHash](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/LifeHash)

## Financial Support

**UR Vault** is a project by [Blockchain Commons](https://www.blockchaincommons.com/). We are proudly a social benefit "not-for-profit" committed to open source & open development. Our work is funded entirely by donations and collaborative partnerships with people like you. Every contribution will be spent on building open tools, technologies & techniques for blockchain and internet security infrastructure.

To financially support further development of **UR Vault** and other projects, please consider becoming a Patron of Blockchain Commons through ongoing monthly patronage by becoming a [Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/BlockchainCommons) through GitHub; currently they are matching the first $5k so please do consider this option. You can also offer support with Bitcoin via our [BTCPay Server](https://btcpay.blockchaincommons.com/).

## Contributing

We encourage public contributions through issues and pull-requests! Please review [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our development process. All contributions to this repository require a GPG signed [Contributor License Agreement](./CLA.md).

### Credits

The following people directly contributed to this repository. You can add your name here by getting involved — the first step is to learn how to contribute from our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation.

| Name              | Role                | Github                                            | Email                                 | GPG Fingerprint                                    |
| ----------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Christopher Allen | Principal Architect | [@ChristopherA](https://github.com/@ChristopherA) | \<ChristopherA@LifeWithAlacrity.com\> | FDFE 14A5 4ECB 30FC 5D22  74EF F8D3 6C91 3574 05ED |
| Peter Denton | Project Lead | [@Fonta1n3](https://github.com/@Fonta1n3) | \<fonta1n3@protonmail.com\> | 3B37 97FA 0AE8 4BE5 B440 6591 8564 01D7 121C 32FC |

## Responsible Disclosure

We want to keep all our software safe for everyone. If you have discovered a security vulnerability, we appreciate your help in disclosing it to us in a responsible manner. We are unfortunately not able to offer bug bounties at this time.

We do ask that you offer us good faith and use best efforts not to leak information or harm any user, their data, or our developer community. Please give us a reasonable amount of time to fix the issue before you publish it. Do not defraud our users or us in the process of discovery. We promise not to bring legal action against researchers who point out a problem provided they do their best to follow the these guidelines.

### Reporting a Vulnerability

Please report suspected security vulnerabilities in private via email to ChristopherA@LifeWithAlacrity.com (do not use this email for support). Please do NOT create publicly viewable issues for suspected security vulnerabilities.

The following keys may be used to communicate sensitive information to developers:

| Name              | Fingerprint                                        |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| Christopher Allen | FDFE 14A5 4ECB 30FC 5D22  74EF F8D3 6C91 3574 05ED |

You can import a key by running the following command with that individual’s fingerprint: `gpg --recv-keys "<fingerprint>"` Ensure that you put quotes around fingerprints that contain spaces.
